Added docs about the new censor function. (#553)
pinojs/pino: docs/api.md

If an object is supplied, three options can be specified:
  * `paths` (array): Required. An array of paths. See [redaction - Path Syntax ⇗](/docs/redaction.md#paths) for specifics.

>   * `censor` (String|Function): Optional. A value to overwrite keys which are to be redacted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `censor` (String|Function|Undefined): Optional. When supplied as a String the `censor` option will overwrite keys which are to be redacted. When set to `undefined` the the key will be removed entirely from the object.
```

>     In case a function is specified, it will be called with the value to be redacted and it must return the replacement

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The `censor` option may also be a mapping function. The (synchronous) mapping function is called with the unredacted value. The value returned from the mapping function becomes the applied censor value. Default: `'[Redacted]'`
```

If an object is supplied, three options can be specified:
  * `paths` (array): Required. An array of paths. See [redaction - Path Syntax ⇗](/docs/redaction.md#paths) for specifics.

>   * `censor` (String|Function): Optional. A value to overwrite key which are to be redacted.

Reviewer 2: “key” => “keys”
